Added examples for getMap and getBatch (#57)
ipinfo/node: README.md

});
```

### Locate IPs on World Map

> IPs can be mapped on the world map using `getMap`. It returns url of the map in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A world map can be generated with locations of all input IPs using `getMap`. It returns the URL of the map in the response.
```
